so today's the day of the greyhound
picnic and it's pretty dark outside
right now I'm hoping that it doesn't
rain so my outfit for today I was kind
of like I not to wear so I just kind of
threw on something comfy some black
jeans my fav kid shoes slight little
jacket from abercrombie so earrings if
I'm target before charted closed yeah
just about ready to go nabla is in bed
being super lazy he doesn't even know
about the picnic at he's gonna be so
excited if he's gonna be so excited you
know yeah I doubt the quick stop at the
bank you have to get cash out for the
greyhound picnic yeah Delta's wearing
his new collar
I'm moving how many pictures of dogs
you're gonna have today that's so cool i
can't believe a big interview today I
brought the greyhound stuff with me
you
trim yeah yeah I know everybody she's
kind of chunky right now getting
deltasone fun
you're gonna get beat on single boom you
made so many friends
are you having fun
we just got back from the picnic and
Delta is absolutely exhausted too like
he slept the whole way so anyway we want
a prize at the picnic they had a draw
like a raffle and you could put in your
tickets for whatever items you want so I
only put one in for the spark box but I
knew that I really wanted to x-oom
before and don't the one in I was so
happy this one has some cute little
boxing gloves doesn't have any stuffing
so that's probably good I'm showing
everything is Delta doesn't look at
all the new things here's the winning
raffle ticket number sure what these are
but they're different they're made with
Gina they look healthy healthy dog
treats lean bark gummies I did not know
that you can get barkbox leash and renew
you can't i'm not sure what I'm gonna
get you easily literally 60 seconds also
come look at your de voyage look at
everything you go but no that's it
that's my phone the same men held up
look yeah that's for you squeakerino
squeaky pineapple nothing like that yeah
you're gonna take that with smoking and
that's in the cage now oh yeah sweet you
find up how did you like it yeah I have
to cut the tag off